[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: First and
foremost, why Angular 2?
I mean, why are we here?
Why has our friends driven down
in a government issued SUV
to come spend three days to hang out
with Scott and I to learn Angular 2?
So this is why Angular 2,
according to Lucas.
Angular 1 obviously is powerful.
People have built a lot of applications.
There are also some not so savory
things that I've seen a lot of people,
myself included, kind of ping myself on
the corner, so I'll just use myself, for
instance, of I've kinda went down
the path of this anti-pattern, and
now it's going to be a lot
of pain to get out of it.
In Angular 2, they've taken the kind
of the best practices of Angular 1,
and they've distilled it into Angular 2.
Mainly, the component, and so I'm gonna
get ahead of myself because I can't
help it, but
when we first started Angular 1,
it was kind of this hello world, and
you had a controller and a template.
Or in some cases, not even a controller,
you would just use ng init.
But you had a small controller and
a small template.
Then you started to get ambitious,
and then like,
well, wouldn't it be nice to do this or
this?
And so your controller started to grow,
your templates started to grow.
And then it was time to get realistic, and
you realized that now I've got this
controller that's 1,200 Ryans long,
and I've got this template
that's 1,200 Ryans long.
It's not really maintainable.
It's hard for the team to work on.
And everything just kind of collapsed.
So there was this very kind of
distinct moment within kind of
the first six to eight months
of Angular coming out,
where people started to realize like you
can't put everything in a controller.
Like that's no good.
So there where two sane
approaches that came from that.
So the first one was to use UI router and
to break up this controller template
into smaller pieces, distinct pieces
that fit into a kind of named state.
The second approach was to
build out directives, so
then start to say well,
I have this thing, but I can take this.
And I can turn this into a directive, and
you still have your
template controller pair.
But it's much more granular, and
it's starting to compose it.
And so when I do Angular 1 now,
it's in ES 6,
and I break everything out in these small,
really fine grained components.
And so even with Angular 1.5,
they've introduced module doc component,
and they're moving in that direction.
With Angular 2,
you get that small fine grained
template controller kind of
pair baked right into it,
the framework is designed for you to put
your application together in that manner.
Secondly, by focusing on standards, we get
twice the power with half the framework.
And so we'll get into this with templates,
but you'll notice that we've introduced
a new kind of syntax for templates and
binding that's a little weird.
But by binding to kind
of native dom events,
we no longer have to shift with 67
kind of built in Angular directives.
And so now, the Angular footprint
has just gotten a lot smaller, and
you just have to learn a few
variations of the binding.
And you let the native
dom do a lot of the work,
as well as with classes, for
instance, by leveraging those.
And then with typescript then,
you're kind of offloading a lot of like
the hard work to other things
that are better suited for it.
As well as dramatically
improved changed detection is,
it's profound compared to
Angular 1 how fast Angular 2 is.
As well as they're really focusing
on speed and performance.
And so by speed,
I mean how fast does it actually load?
So they're really working hard
on trimming down the payload.
And so Brad was on Ventures and
Angular not too long ago, and
he said Angular 2 for
the most part is ready for production.
But we haven't optimized the payload,
and so that's only going to get better.
Performance is how fast does,
when somebody does something,
how fast does it take to render it?
And the change detection strategy that
moves towards this reactive mechanisms and
the immutable data objects just
makes that blazingly fast.
And so my favorite thing is and
I put a big heart icon
here is reactive mechanisms baked right
into the framework with observables and
the way the change detection that comes.
That's baked into Angular 2 at an atomic
level, is you can make a change in one
place, and it just automatically,
your entire application just reacts.
And it renders, it's really, really cool.
We'll get into that quite
in depth on Friday.
And I think also,
it goes without saying, teamwork,
that the Angular community has actually
established some really good relationships
with people from other projects.
So they have a good relationship
with the React team,
the Ember team, the TypeScript team.
And they're taking a lot of those
ideas from these other teams and
applying it to Angular 2.
So, React has definitely affected
how Angular developers think about
change detection, managing state, and
unidirectional data flow and these things.
Ember has done a really good job of
influencing the CLI, TypeScript,
I can't say enough good things about them.
But I think just the spirit of
camaraderie, I've noticed that a lot of
the rhetoric around which framework is
better was pretty rampant two years ago.
It seems that everything has kind of died
down, and everybody is realizing, hey,
there's a lot of room at the table.
And everybody can build their frameworks,
and we can learn from each other, and
we can get along, which I think is great.